Next is call by reference.
See if you remember.
References are a nickname to a variable existing variable.
So let us look at called by reference mechanism.
See this code is for call by value only as it is call by value code Only, you can read it once, its same.
Now I will make changes in this one to make it as a code for call by reference.
Let us see the changes and the changes are very minor,  very minor changes are there. see at the place of call.
We don't write anything you remember and call by address,
We were writting & here but we don't write anything in call by reference and here in call by
address.
We were writing stars but in call by reference.
We write &s here and in call by address we were filling stars here.
No stars.
Nothing as it is.
So it's more like the syntax, syntax of the way of writing is same as call by value only.
Only the changes at the parameters we write & and they become references so the syntax is very
simple.
More like call by value only.
But now this mechanism can modify the actual parameters.
It works similar to call by address so unlike call by value where the changes cannot be done in
actual parameters but in call by reference changes can be done in this parameters.
So let's see how it works.
I will show the execution, the main function start, the moment main function start.
The variables are created for main and this is X, having value of 10 and Y having value 20.
This is for main. now swap function is called.
This function is called and this is having three variables  that is A B and temp. but what are A and B
they are not separate variable they are references to x.
So this itself is A  and this itself is B and it is having temp also.
So how is this possible that function can directly access the variables of this function.
It's not possible it's not possible.
Then how it happens.
see We already know that one function cannot access the variables of another  function at all but here
we are saying that, that swap function will call this as a.
And this as B, how it is possible.
So when you use a call by reference mechanism watch carefully what happens when the machine code is generated.
Machine code will not be generated like this but the machine code looks like this main function and
the main function is having it code and in this place that is where the swap function is called
The machine code of swap function will be copied.
So this piece of code is for swap function.
So this means that whenever you use call by reference mechanism it will not generate separate piece
of machine code.
It will copy the machine code at the place of function call.
So this swap is not a seperate function.
It's a part of Main function only.
Yes exactly.
It's the part of main function.
So that same part of main function is calling this as A.
And this as to B.
So there is no harm.
So there is no activation record created and actually function is not called.
There is no function at all in machine code, in source code we wrote function but in machine code there
is no function.
Then what about this temp,
Temp will also be created for time being inside the activision record of Main function only.
And this will be there as long as this piece of swap code is executing, then that will access temp assign
A, temp assign B and B assign temp, so of value are interchanged
This becomes 20 and this becomes 10 with the help of this temp that's it.
So this is the greatness of C++ that is no other languages having this type of feature that basically
whenever you write a separate function a separate piece of machine code will be generated.
But in C++ that piece of machine code can be replaced at the place of function call.
So when do you call call by reference.
So whenever you want the actual parameters should be modified.
This is one.
Second point you should not write any complex logic inside the function if you are using call by reference.
Even if one parameters call by reference you should be careful.
Reason this code has to be copied at this place whatever the function is called if you call multiple
times then multiple times copying will be done.
So when the code is being copied, this is the job of a compiler to copy the code there.
So if the code is complex it may not be able to do it perfectly.
So usually you find warnings if you're using loops inside this type of function.
when you use call by reference avoid using loop one or two lines of statement is sufficient.
Now one more thing I can tell you one more point here that if the piece of machine code of a function
is copied at the place of function call like this then such functions are called as inline functions
in C++.
when you use a call by reference function automatically becomes in-line function.
So we also have a topic called in-line function separately, we will  study about it later.
So these are the three parameter passing method.
I will take the same example and sure you practically how they are different from one another.
And also you can practice this one, and slowly we will be using them in the programming you'll be getting
more and more idea of where to use them.